this is a chef go just engaged in no not
only getting the field emblems of Sonny
I probably should have done the last
part is this not really good at fit
anywhere else so he'll probably be
really short and just get the field
emblems to be done oh well better late
than never and why am I still holding
you away of you I don't there goes the
phone again hell anyway feel the emblems
gonna be getting them area ok sonic a
wheel first one right and easy in the
burger shop second one is right over
here and Sonic do you care to work with
me here Sonic I'd appreciate it and
there we go Sonic jeez come on walk
upstairs correctly will ya ok next one
is over here you can actually get this
one with Sonic if I can pull this off
and yeah oh yeah let's get that tails
and knuckles but who cares do the fun
way then the next emblem is not on the
ladder man sign keys don't work today
it's right over here it should be ok
I am totally lost and right over here
here we go I should show the map
location and it's right over here first
off changed the ship back to its
original formation then if we come over
here there should be door down here and
let's go in here she put a weird little
room I ask not really my type of
decorating so well just going around
here and get ourselves an emblem okay
controller is not waiting to work right
or something or game programming or
whatever anyway what we want to do is
get the emblem which is inside this box
going to be opening it in the most
logical way possible following ourselves
out of a can and paling it with our face
yes smash the box of your face next
emblem is in between these trees but I
already got it on accident so can't get
it again oh well okay and blow them
right over here at knuckles uh I don't
know how they no no don't die like
knuckle oh grandma no go you're still
okay fine say I died even though I'm
just fine Oh dandy dandy dandy game I
love you too so just screaming there
even though he hasn't even fall off
whatever okay here we go c'mere c'mere
i'll skip you Lou there we go now let's
live come on there you go knuckles
that's all you had to do wasn't that
hard and right tails don't be like sonic
there we go next one is right
in here got another one right up here
would you know tales actually flew ryky
was supposed to oh yeah like when we
does that don't ruin the moment tales
change the ship back to its original
form again and there should be an emblem
right tails right up here and there we
go all 12 emblems as tails just spins
around and around